{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0\fttruetype Times New Roman;}
{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0\fttruetype Liberation Sans;}
{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0\fttruetype Dingbats;}
{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0\fttruetype Symbol;}
{\f4\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0\fttruetype Courier New;}}
{\colortbl
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\stylesheet
{\s1\fi-430\li720\sbasedon29\snext29Contents 1;}
{\s2\fi-430\li1440\sbasedon29\snext29Contents 2;}
{\s3\fi-430\li2160\sbasedon29\snext29Contents 3;}
{\s8\fi-430\li720\sbasedon29Lower Roman List;}
{\s5\tx431\sbasedon25\snext29Numbered Heading 1;}
{\s6\tx431\sbasedon26\snext29Numbered Heading 2;}
{\s7\fi-430\li720Square List;}
{\*\cs11\sbasedon29Endnote Text;}
{\s4\fi-430\li2880\sbasedon29\snext29Contents 4;}
{\s9\fi-430\li720Diamond List;}
{\s10\fi-430\li720Numbered List;}
{\*\cs12\fs20\superEndnote Reference;}
{\s13\fi-430\li720Triangle List;}
{\s14\tx431\sbasedon27\snext29Numbered Heading 3;}
{\s15\fi-430\li720Dashed List;}
{\s16\fi-430\li720\sbasedon10Upper Roman List;}
{\s17\sb440\sa60\f1\fs24\b\sbasedon29\snext29Heading 4;}
{\s18\fi-430\li720Heart List;}
{\s35\fi-430\li720Box List;}
{\*\cs20\fs20Reference;}
{\s21\fi-430\li720\sbasedon10Upper Case List;}
{\s22\fi-430\li720Bullet List;}
{\s23\fi-430\li720Hand List;}
{\*\cs24\fs20\sbasedon29Footnote Text;}
{\s25\sb440\sa60\f1\fs34\b\sbasedon29\snext29Heading 1;}
{\s26\sb440\sa60\f1\fs28\b\sbasedon29\snext29Heading 2;}
{\s19\qc\sb240\sa119\f1\fs32\b\sbasedon29\snext29Contents Header;}
{\s28\fi-430\li720Tick List;}
{\s27\sb440\sa60\f1\fs24\b\sbasedon29\snext29Heading 3;}
{\s30\fi-430\li720\sbasedon10Lower Case List;}
{\s31\li1440\ri1440\sa119\sbasedon29Block Text;}
{\s37\f4\sbasedon29Plain Text;}
{\s33\tx1584\sbasedon5\snext29Section Heading;}
{\s34\fi-430\li720Implies List;}
{\s29\f0\fs24Normal;}
{\s36\fi-430\li720Star List;}
{\*\cs32\fs20\superFootnote Reference;}
{\s38\tx1584\sbasedon5\snext29Chapter Heading;}}
\kerning0\cf0\ftnbj\fet2\ftnstart1\ftnnar\aftnnar\ftnstart1\aftnstart1\aenddoc\revprop3{\info\uc1}\deftab720\viewkind1\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1440\margr1440\widowctrl
\sectd\sbknone\colsx360\pgncont\ltrsect
\pard\plain\ltrpar\qc\s29\sl240\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs32\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch CS2041 Information Management}{\s29\f0\fs32\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\qc\s29\sl240\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs32\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch Assignment 2}{\s29\f0\fs32\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\qc\s29\sl240\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs32\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch XML}{\s29\f0\fs32\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\qc\s29\sl240\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs32\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\qc\s29\sl240\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch Steven Diviney}{\s29\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\qc\s29\sl240\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch 08462267}{\s29\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\qc\s29\sl240\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s29\sl240\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s29\sl240\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch Firstly, the XML schema and DTD were written for the provided books.xml file.  They were checked[1] and found to correct.}{\s29\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s29\sl240\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s29\sl240\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch For each task a separate Java package was created. A fourth package, "resources", was used to store the initial input XML file and the 3 subsequent output XML files.}{\s29\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s29\sl240\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s29\sl240\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch Each package consists of a Main, XMLRead, XMLWritter and a Book. These classes remain largely unchanged between the packages, but differences will be highlighted and discussed. }{\s29\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s29\sl240\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s29\sl240\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch Book is a simple container object used to store a representation of a book from the XML file.}{\s29\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s29\sl240\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch It contains two nested classes, Name and Author, that represent the slightly more complex data types of the same name in the XML file. It also contains some basic manipulation methods, such as toUpper, which contains the strings in a Name object to upper case.}{\s29\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s29\sl240\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s29\sl240\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch XMLReader takes a file path string as an initial parameter. This string contains the location of the XML file to read in. When readIn is called the XML file is read in, one child of the root node at a time. The data is parsed from each "book" in the XML file and written into a Book object. Special cases, such as no or more than one authors are considered. This is done in much the same way as the entire file is parsed. A list is created with a reference to the root node and an iterator is then created form the list. While the list has data, it is parsed into Elements which are then added to the Book object. When a "Book" has been read in, the Book object is added to a Vector which is returned from the method. There are some slight changes across the readers that reflect the changes in the input XML files. In task 1 and 2 year is an attribute of book, whereas in task 3 it is an element. In task 3 a price in euro and dollars is needed. The book class is modified to store a price in euro, which is obtained from the converted dollar price.}{\s29\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s29\sl240\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s29\sl240\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch XMLWriter takes in a string and a vector of books upon declaration. The string specified the location to write out too and the vector is expected to contain a series of book objects to write out. It works in much the same way as XML reader. Each book is parsed one at a time and added to the root node. The root node is then written out in one go. Again, things like multiple authors and no editor are taken into account. For each element a new element is created with the relevant name. The content for the element is added from the Book object currently being written out. Each element is added to it's root to build up the file in memory.}{\s29\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s29\sl240\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch Again, there are some minor differences. In task 2 and 3 year is written out as an element of book, not an attribute. In task 3 price becomes a bit more complex as a price in dollars and euro is needed. Two additional elements are created and added to price.}{\s29\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s29\sl240\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s29\sl240\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch Main creates an instance of the XMLReader and XMLWriters. It is also used to preform any data manipulation. For example, for task 1, toUppers is called on all of the book objects returned from XMLReader before they are passed into the XMLWriter.}{\s29\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s29\sl240\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s29\sl240\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s29\sl240\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s29\sl240\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch [1]http://www.xmlvalidation.com/ }{\s29\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s29\sl240\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s29\sl240\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\qc\s29\sl240\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\qc\s29\sl240\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch  }{\s29\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}}